\marginhead{Upcoming Presentations}

August 2013 "How do Think Tanks Produce and Promote Policy Ideas?'' Accepted for presentation in" Sociology of Knowledge'' regular session ("Knowledge and the State''), Annual Meetings of the American Sociological Association, New York, New York, US.

October 2013 Comments on papers in the session "Chastened Dreams and New Departures: American Scientific Culture(s) in Ferment from the 1960s to 1980s'' for the conference" Total Money Makeover: Culture and the Economization of Everything,'' organized by the Canadian Association of American Studies (CAAS), University of Waterloo.

\marginhead{Selected Conference Presentations}

June 2013 "Think Tanks on Climate Change: Moral Views, Scientific Credibility, and Political Contexts'' Accepted for presentation in" The Sociology of Climate Change,'' Annual meetings of the Canadian Sociology Association, University of Victoria, Victoria, BC, Canada.

June 2013 Vanina Leschziner, Neil McLaughlin, John McLevey, and Allyson Stokes (Alphabetical listing). "The American Fame Game: Academic Status and Public Renown in the Social Sciences.'' Accepted for presentation in" The Role of Public Intellectualism in Academe,'' Annual meetings of the Canadian Sociology Association, University of Victoria, Victoria, BC, Canada.

June 2012 "Epistemic Cultures in the Production of Policy Expertise" Annual Qualitative Analysis Conference, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St John's NL, Canada.

May 2012 "Translation Work and the Marketing of Policy Expertise: Leads from Research on Canadian Think Tanks." Annual meetings of the Canadian Sociology Association, University of Waterloo, Waterloo ON, Canada. Sociology of Science session.

Aug 2011 "Rhythms and Reason Giving: Understanding Academic Involvement in Canadian Think Tanks." Annual meetings of the American Sociology Association, Las Vegas, NV. Refinement of a paper presented in Philadelphia earlier that year.

May 2010 "How and Why Do Academics Get Involved with Think Tanks?" Annual Qualitative Analysis Conference, Wilfred Laurier University, Brantford ON, Canada.

April 2011 Invited participant in NYLON workshop "Cultures of Circulation." Ottawa ON, Canada.

Feb 2011 (Previous version of) "Rhythms and Reason Giving: Understanding Academic Involvement in Canadian Think Tanks.'' Annual meetings of the Eastern Sociology Society, Philadelphia PA, US. Regular Session on" Constructing Workplaces and Professional Domains."

June 2010 "Contesting Education: A Comparative Frame Analysis of Opinion Pieces by The Fraser Institute and The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives." Annual meetings  of the Canadian Sociology Association, Concordia University, Montreal QC, Canada.

June 2010 (with Lisa Kowalchuk and Neil McLaughlin) "Public Intellectual Work: Uses of the Canadian Op-Ed Column." Annual meetings of the Canadian Sociology Association, Concordia University, Montreal QC, Canada.

May 2010 (Previous version of) "Contesting Education: A Comparative Frame Analysis of Opinion Pieces by The Fraser Institute and The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives." Annual Qualitative Analysis Conference, Wilfred Laurier University, Brantford ON, Canada.

May 2009 "Understanding Marginality, Ambiguous Outcomes, and Failure in Social Movements Research and the Sociology of Ideas."" Annual meetings of the Canadian Sociology Association, Carleton University, Ottawa ON, Canada.